tests/README.md, before:

This directory contains some basic tests to (hopefully):

* find any simple bugs that I might have introduced; and
* demonstrate some simple programming techniques.

### `buffer_point()`

The function [buffer_point](../buffer_point.py) is tested by the script [bufferPoint.py](bufferPoint.py) which produces the images below.

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint0.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint1.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint2.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint3.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint4.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint5.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint6.png)

### `save_array_as_image()`

The function [save_array_as_image](../save_array_as_image.py) is tested by the script [saveArrayAsImage.py](saveArrayAsImage.py) which produces the images below.

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage0.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage1.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage2.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage3.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage4.png)

Commit message:

added script to test find_point_on_great_circle()

tests/README.md, after:

This directory contains some basic tests to (hopefully):

* find any simple bugs that I might have introduced; and
* demonstrate some simple programming techniques.

### `buffer_point()`

The function [buffer_point](../buffer_point.py) is tested by the script [bufferPoint.py](bufferPoint.py) which produces the images below.

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint0.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint1.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint2.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint3.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint4.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint5.png)

![bufferPoint output image](bufferPoint6.png)

### `find_point_on_great_circle()`

The function [find_point_on_great_circle](../find_point_on_great_circle.py) is tested by the script [greatCircle.py](greatCircle.py) which produces the image below.

![greatCircle output image](greatCircle.png)

### `save_array_as_image()`

The function [save_array_as_image](../save_array_as_image.py) is tested by the script [saveArrayAsImage.py](saveArrayAsImage.py) which produces the images below.

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage0.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage1.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage2.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage3.png)

![saveArrayAsImage output image](saveArrayAsImage4.png)
